paccapability: add page (#18451)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/paccapability.md

# paccapability

> > Queries and Displays the Capabilities supported by libalpm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Query and display the capabilities supported by libalpm.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/andrewgregory/pacutils/blob/master/doc/paccapability.pod>.

- List all available capabilities:

`paccapability`

> 

Reviewer: https://github.com/andrewgregory/pacutils/blob/master/doc/paccapability.pod
> Recognized capabilities are: `ALPM_CAPABILITY_NLS`, `ALPM_CAPABILITY_DOWNLOADER`, `ALPM_CAPABILITY_SIGNATURES`.
> Capabilities are case-insensitive and may omit the leading `ALPM_CAPABILITY_`
```suggestion

- Check for the specified capability:

`paccapability {{nls|downloader|signatures}}`

```

Author: done sir
